Uhh....

Fetching games...

### Bookmarks

Edit

- [C\\
CrazyGames](https://fe.mreasandiego.com/#)
- [Y\\
Youtube](https://fe.mreasandiego.com/#)
- [S\\
SoundCloud](https://fe.mreasandiego.com/#)
- [T\\
TikTok](https://fe.mreasandiego.com/#)
- [D\\
Discord](https://fe.mreasandiego.com/#)

**Disclaimer**: This website doesn't host any files. Any legal issues should be taken up with the 3rd party provider(s).

discord.gg/dJvdkPRheV

## Learn Anytime, Anywhere

Comprehensive education platform offering online courses, study materials, exam prep resources, and interactive learning tools. Designed for students, teachers, and lifelong learners.

## Academic Subjects

Mathematics

Science

English

History

Literature

Biology

Chemistry

Physics

Computer Science

Art & Music

Foreign Languages

## Educational Services

Online Courses

Exam Prep

Tutoring

Homework Help

Study Guides

Interactive Lessons

Teacher Resources

Virtual Classroom

Academic Coaching

## Student Levels

K-12

College & University

Graduate & Professional

Adult Learning

Certification Programs

Homeschool

## Test Preparation

SAT / ACT

GRE / GMAT

LSAT / MCAT

AP Courses

Standardized Tests

Certification Exams

## Learning Methods

Interactive Learning

Video Lessons

Practice Quizzes

Flashcards

Study Notes

Educational Games

Self-Paced Learning

Project-Based Learning

STEM & Critical Thinking

Waves!

Eruda is loading...

Successfully Updated!

If you don’t see any changes or the site breaks, do Ctrl + Shift + R a few times

Okay

Help The Website Grow!

Share this website with all your friends to help keep the traffic up and everything else running smoothly!

Okay

## Notifications

Mark all as read

- ### v3.4.2 release!!



Update

Loads of more bug fixes, improvements, new features, and now the whole website is also jolly!
December 11, 2025 - 1 month(s) ago


  - Added a brand new game page!
  - Added a bunch of jolly things!
  - Improved the website performance and stability.
  - Improved games loading speed.
  - Fixed memory leaks.
  - Fixed some games not loading.
  - Fixed the proxy barely working.
  - Fixed Bridge crashing on heavy load.
  - Overall just fixed a bunch of minor bugs and improved the website by a little bit.

If you have any issues or suggestions, please do join the Discord server and let me know!

- ### Skeleton loading



New feature

Added skeleton loading!
November 29, 2025 - 1 month(s) ago


  - Game covers, bookmark favicons, and tab favicons now use skeleton loading.

Join the Discord server for more links!

- ### v3.4.1 release!!



Update

Bunch of bug fixes, some improvements, and new stuff!
November 28, 2025 - 1 month(s) ago


  - Improved Bridge performance, added support for more stuff, and added protection to ensure it never accidentally corrupt any game binary files.
  - Added 2 new game sources: Velara and DuckMath.
  - Changed some of the UI animation speed.
  - Fixed WebRTC leaking your actual IP address.
  - Fixed the font loading very slow.
  - Fixed the page hanging on load.
  - Fixed the iframe flashing you like crazy.
  - Fixed game lists not going through Bridge.
  - Fixed some stuff in the setup file.

If you want more game sources added, join the Discord server and request them!

- ### HAPPY THANKSGIVING!!!!



Announcement

Just wanted to say how thankful I am for every single one of you guys for supporting Waves and helping it get this far! If you ever told me that Waves was ever gonna get this far 10 months ago, I would've never believed it. So seriously, thank you!
November 27, 2025 - 1 month(s) ago


  - Enjoy your holiday but if it's not Thanksgiving for you yet, happy early Thanksgiving! 🦃

Also join the Discord server for more links!

- ### v3.4.0 release!!



Update

Loads of bug fixes, performance improvements, and new features!
November 27, 2025 - 1 month(s) ago


  - Added "Bridge": a brand new system that handles all the games, improving the proxy speed, and fixed other assets, such as bookmark and tab favicons being blocked! A lot more efficient and reliable than what we had before.
  - Added this very cool little notifications menu.
  - Added 3 new search engines: Brave, Mojeek, and Swisscows.
  - Added 2 new decoy options: Wikipedia and Canva.
  - Added a game source selector in the settings menu: GN-Math, Selenite, and Truffled. More sources will be added very soon! Different sources offer different games. So if you can't find a game you want, try switching sources!
  - Added the ability to close any modals, menus, and prompts by pressing ESC.
  - Improved the website loading speed.
  - Improved the Wisp server overall performance and stability.
  - Improved Scramjet and Ultraviolet speed.
  - Improved the UI and its animations.
  - Reduced the build size.
  - Reduced bandwidth usage.
  - Fixed various minor bugs.
  - Fixed the title not updating to the set decoy title.
  - Fixed favicon being blocked on bookmarks and tabs.
  - Fixed some of the UI elements being misaligned.
  - Fixed detection issues.

Thank you everyone so much for all the recent support! Enjoy the new update! :D